should more money be put into creating more medium/commercial scale farmers as opposed to subsistence farmers?
should the government create a body tasked with improving nutrition and eliminating food borne hazard?
should at least 30bn naira be allocated to the agriculture industry?
should farmers be provided loans at nominal interest rates?
should the government be activily involved in the provision of storage facilities for agro produce?
-----------apc--------------------
should a major portion of national budget go to food crop and livestock production?
should farmers be granted subsidies in terms of seeds, tools , machinery, grants and loans?
should the government invest in providing irrigation mechanisms?
should food production be just to meet the food needs of the people rather than for exports?
should the government be activily involved in the provision of storage facilities for agro produce?
---------------ncp---------------------- 
should more money be put into orienting more medium/commercial scale farmers as opposed to subsistence farmers?
should farming coperatives be formed to ensure the provision of storage facilities for agro produce?
should organic farming be promoted as opposed to the use of fertilizers?
should grants and soft loans be offered to attract young unemployed graduates into farming
-----------------------kowa----------------------
should priority be given to the manufacture of farm equipments as opposed to importing them?
should proper programs for irrigation in water scarce regions be put in place
----------------upp-----------------------
should improved seedlings, fertilizer, pesticides and essential agricultural products and tools will be distribute to farmers
should Mechanized farming will be encouraged 
should the Government purchase surplus produce for storage and preservation at designated facilities across the country.
should Surplus produce be supplied to agro-allied industries for processing as manufactured products
should Irrigation and dams be constructed and existing ones rehabilitated to ensure all round farming season and food production
should Agricultural loan be made available to farmers through various Farmers’ Cooperative Associations while large scale farmers will get the loans directly from the banks with low interest rate.
---------------dpc--------------------------